feat(elements): Add shadcn example (#990)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/elements/examples/shadcn-ui.mdx

---
description: Learn how to compose Clerk Elements with shadcn/ui to build custom sign in and sign up flows.
---

# shadcn/ui

> The following example demonstrates how to compose Clerk Elements with shadcn/ui to build custom sign in and sign up flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples demonstrate how to compose Clerk Elements with shadcn/ui to build custom sign-in and sign-up flows.
```

> This example assumes you have already completed the [shadcn/ui Next.js installation guide](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/installation/next) and have installed the [Button](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/button), [Card](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/card), [Input](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/input), and [Label](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/label) components within your project. Lastly copy the Icons component from shadcn/ui docs [here](https://github.com/shadcn-ui/ui/blob/main/apps/www/components/icons.tsx).

Author: > Lastly copy the Icons component from shadcn/ui docs [here](https://github.com/shadcn-ui/ui/blob/main/apps/www/components/icons.tsx).

This could likely benefit from a revision. Any ideas on how to best communicate manually copy pasting this file into their component directory?

You will need to configure the appropriate settings in Clerk:

1. Navigate to the [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=user-authentication/web3).

> 1. In the navigation sidebar, select **User & Authentication > Social connections**.

Author: Added https://github.com/clerk/clerk-docs/pull/990/commits/d4ec131f88e47af09e652ded76c8546879727dcd

---
description: Learn how to compose Clerk Elements with shadcn/ui to build custom sign in and sign up flows.
---

# shadcn/ui

The following examples demonstrate how to compose Clerk Elements with shadcn/ui to build custom sign-in and sign-up flows.
## Prerequisites

To use these examples, you must first:

- Complete the [shadcn/ui Next.js installation guide](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/installation/next)

> - Install the [Button](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/button), [Card](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/card), [Input](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/input), and [Label](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/label) components within your project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install the [Button](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/button), [Card](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/card), [Input](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/input), and [Label](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/label) components within your project
	```shell
	npx shadcn-ui@latest add button card input label
	```
```
Adds the actual command they can run

> - Install the [Button](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/button), [Card](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/card), [Input](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/input), and [Label](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/label) components within your project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install the [Button](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/button), [Card](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/card), [Input](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/input), and [Label](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/label) components within your project
  ```shell
  npx shadcn-ui@latest add button card input label
  ```
```

---
description: Learn how to compose Clerk Elements with shadcn/ui to build custom sign in and sign up flows.
---

# shadcn/ui

The following examples demonstrate how to compose Clerk Elements with shadcn/ui to build custom sign-in and sign-up flows.

> ## Prerequisites

Reviewer 2: We don't use this term anywhere else in the docs - I would prefer "Before you start" because that's we also use in the `<TutorialHero />` component

@S3Prototype what do you think ?

Reviewer: That makes sense, yeah.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Before you start
```

To use these examples, you must first:

- Complete the [shadcn/ui Next.js installation guide](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/installation/next)
- Install the [Button](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/button), [Card](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/card), [Input](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/input), and [Label](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/label) components within your project
  ```shell
  npx shadcn-ui@latest add button card input label
  ```

> - Copy the [`Icons` component from the shadcn/ui docs](https://github.com/shadcn-ui/ui/blob/main/apps/www/components/icons.tsx) and add it to your component library within your project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add the [`Icons` component from the shadcn/ui docs](https://github.com/shadcn-ui/ui/blob/main/apps/www/components/icons.tsx) to an `icons.tsx` file within your component library in the project.
```

> - Copy the [`Icons` component from the shadcn/ui docs](https://github.com/shadcn-ui/ui/blob/main/apps/www/components/icons.tsx) and add it to your component library within your project.

Author: Updated here https://github.com/clerk/clerk-docs/pull/990/commits/dcea5908d6a8da024a9164ea4a75d34320e8676c

> You will need to configure the appropriate settings in Clerk:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must also configure the appropriate settings in Clerk:
```

1. Navigate to the [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active).
1. In the navigation sidebar, select [User & Authentication > Social connections](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=user-authentication/social-connections).
1. Ensure that **Google** and **GitHub** are enabled.

> ## Sign Up

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Sign up
```

                          >
                            <Button variant="link" size="sm">
                              Didn&apos;t recieve a code? Resend
                            </Button>
                          </SignUp.Action>
                        </div>
                      </Clerk.Field>
                    </CardContent>
                    <CardFooter>
                      <div className="grid w-full gap-y-4">
                        <SignUp.Action submit asChild>
                          <Button disabled={isGlobalLoading}>
                            <Clerk.Loading>
                              {(isLoading) => {
                                return isLoading ? <Icons.spinner className="size-4 animate-spin" /> : 'Continue';
                              }}
                            </Clerk.Loading>
                          </Button>
                        </SignUp.Action>
                      </div>
                    </CardFooter>
                  </Card>
                </SignUp.Strategy>
              </SignUp.Step>
            </>
          )}
        </Clerk.Loading>
      </SignUp.Root>
    </div>
  );
}
```
</CodeBlockDemo>

> ## Sign In

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Sign in
```
